c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\bin\Debug\PlanningTool.exe.config
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\TextSearchControl.baml
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\TextSearchControl.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\CalibrationTemplate\CalibrationTemplate.g.cs
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\bin\Debug\PlanningTool.exe
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\bin\Debug\PlanningTool.pdb
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\bin\Debug\EngineAPI.dll
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\bin\Debug\EngineAPI.pdb
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\CalibrationTemplate\CalibrationTemplate.baml
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool.g.resources
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool.exe
c:\users\rudolf.puchy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PlanningTool\PlanningTool\obj\Debug\PlanningTool.pdb
